Xiaoyan
Tell me, you are really
How could it be reported by such a virtual object friend?
I was deceived.
because
I don't want to lose any of you
And I also feel that the gap between me and you
It's just too big.
Don't worry, your husband is so excellent.
He can definitely hold you up
Okay, now that you've made up
Then I can retire too
Sister, I will send you
Don't send it.
Now the conditions are good
Take the kids for a walk
Don't just think about making money
About the nonsense reported by this newspaper
I'll find out.
Sister Shuang, take your time
Wife, we all love you.
I will never do anything wrong to you, you know?
Dad is a badass
Let go mom
Xiaorou
Dad didn't bully mom Xiaorou
Dad is no longer a bad guy.
Dad has become a good egg
Hug that good egg